The three basic types of cloud services are:

Computing
Storage
Networking
Here are some of the AWS products that are built based on the three cloud service types:

Computing - These include EC2, Elastic Beanstalk, Lambda, Auto-Scaling, and Lightsat.

Storage - These include S3, Glacier, Elastic Block Storage, Elastic File System.

Networking - These include VPC, Amazon CloudFront, Route53

What is auto-scaling?
Auto-scaling is a function that allows you to provision and launch new instances whenever there is a demand. It allows you to automatically increase or decrease resource capacity in relation to the demand.

AWS stands for Amazon Web Service; it is a collection of remote computing services also known as a cloud computing platform.  This new realm of cloud computing is also known as IaaS or Infrastructure as a Service.

Mention what the key components of AWS are?
The key components of AWS are
Route 53:A DNS web service
Simple E-mail Service:It allows sending e-mail using RESTFUL API call or via regular SMTP
Identity and Access Management:It provides enhanced security and identity management for your AWS account
Simple Storage Device or (S3):It is a storage device and the most widely used AWS service
Elastic Compute Cloud (EC2): It provides on-demand computing resources for hosting applications. It is handy in case of unpredictable workloads
Elastic Block Store (EBS):It offers persistent storage volumes that attach to EC2 to allow you to persist data past the lifespan of a single Amazon EC2 instance
CloudWatch: To monitor AWS resources, It allows administrators to view and collect key Also, one can set a notification alarm in case of trouble.

Explain what S3 is?
S3 stands for Simple Storage Service. You can use S3 interface to store and retrieve any amount of data, at any time and from anywhere on the web.  For S3, the payment model is “pay as you go.”
4) What is AMI?
AMI stands for Amazon Machine Image.  It’s a template that provides the information (an operating system, an application server, and applications) required to launch an instance, which is a copy of the AMI running as a virtual server in the cloud.  You can launch instances from as many different AMIs as you need.
5) Mention what the relationship between an instance and AMI is?
From a single AMI, you can launch multiple types of instances.  An instance type defines the hardware of the host computer used for your instance. Each instance type provides different computer and memory capabilities.  Once you launch an instance, it looks like a traditional host, and we can interact with it as we would with any computer.

What does an AMI include?
An AMI includes the following things

A template for the root volume for the instance
Launch permissions decide which AWS accounts can avail the AMI to launch instances

How can you send a request to Amazon S3?
Amazon S3 is a REST service, and you can send a request by using the REST API 

Mention what the difference between Amazon S3 and EC2 is?
The difference between EC2 and Amazon S3 is that
EC2	S3
It is a cloud web service used for hosting your application
It is a data storage system where any amount of data can be stored
It is like a huge computer machine which can run either Linux or Windows and can handle application like PHP, Python, Apache or any databases
It has a REST interface and uses secure HMAC-SHA1 authentication keys

How many buckets can you create in AWS by default?
By default, you can create up to 100 buckets in each of your AWS accounts.

Explain what T2 instances is?
T2 instances are designed to provide moderate baseline performance and the capability to burst to higher performance as required by the workload.

What are key-pairs in AWS?
Key-pairs are secure login information for your virtual machines. To connect to the instances, you can use key-pairs which contain a public-key and private-key.
17)  What are the different types of instances?
Following are the types of instances:
General purpose
Computer Optimized
Memory Optimized
Storage Optimized
Accelerated Computing

VPC stands for Virtual Private Cloud. It allows you to customize your networking configuration. It is a network which is logically isolated from another network in the cloud. It allows you to have your IP address range,  internet gateways, subnet and security groups.

What is AWS Lambda?
Lambda is an Amazon compute service which allows you to run code in the  AWS Cloud without managing servers.
37) Name the types of AMI provided by AWS
The types of AMI provided by AWS are:
Instance store backed

List different types of cloud services
Various types of cloud services are:
Software as a Service (SaaS),
Data as a Service (DaaS)
Platform as a Service (PaaS)
Infrastructure as a Service (IaaS).
45) State the difference between An Instance  and AMI
AMI is a template consisting software configuration part. For example Operating systems, applications, application server if you start an instance, a duplicate of the AMI in a row as an attendant in the cloud.

What are the different types of Load Balancer in AWS services?
Two types of Load balancer are:
Application Load Balancer
Classic Load Balancer

Name some of the DB engines which can be used in AWS RDS
MS-SQL DB
MariaDB
MYSQL DB
OracleDB
PostgreDB



